[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Very nice to see you all.
Thank you so much for
being here this morning.
I'm thrilled to be here.
I want to thank Jimmy
and Adrian for having me
at the event and all of you
for being here this morning.
My topic this morning
is soul transfiguration.
And the idea is that behind
all the world's myths
and spiritual traditions, all
this ancient technology that we
talk about and
extraterrestrial influence,
there's a soul
technology as well.
And it's about our transmutation
into a higher form of being.
The ancients, I believe,
referred to them
as star walkers.
And that's a theme
that we're going
to be developing in my
presentation this morning.
And I want to just spend
a couple of minutes
right off the bat talking
about my new logo or brand,
because it
encapsulates everything
that I've been doing for
the past 30 years or so
and hope to be doing for
the next 30 years or more.
It's a star walker.
It's from ancient Egypt.
And what we see is a figure
holding a magic stick,
a resurrection
stick in his hand.
And in one hand, and
then the other hand,
he's got holding a star.
He is brought in the
power of the stars.
And he's traveling on what
the ancient Egyptians referred
to as the Ark of the Millions of
Years or the Ship of Eternity.
And the reason why
I've started to adopt
this as my new logo or
brand actually started
earlier this year.
I was in a really, really
deep, visionary meditation,
the kind where--
I'm sure you've had this
experience where your heart is
just bursting open
with the serotonin,
your neurosecretory
system is firing,
clicking out all these
molecules and hormones
that are switching reality.
And the next thing
I know, I'm in what
I perceive to be an
ancient Egyptian temple.
But it was unlike
the typical temples
I've been in Egypt
for the past 20 years
or so because it was so much
more beautiful and more immense.
And the colors
were almost living.
And I was just in this
awe-inspired state
as I'm looking around.
And all of a sudden over
here, I see this purple throne
filled with stars.
And I'm like, wow, I
know about those thrones.
I study those thrones
in the temples of Egypt.
They often have
feathers on them,
or they're filled with
stars because they're
vehicles for ascension.
The gods ride around
on these things.
They're like the
chariot of the gods.
Solomon had his magic carpet.
But what they don't
talk about is the throne
that was on the magic carpet
that made the magic carpet fly.
And here I am just
face to face with what
appears to be like one
of the original ones.
And I'm realizing instantly that
what we experience here on Earth
is a tiny fragment of
the greater reality,
and that the temples
that we have on Earth
are mirror images of these
more vast and spectacular
cosmic temples.
And I think that's where I was.
And all of a sudden, there
is an iridescent rainbow
colored, almost like a peacock
mermaid's tail on the throne.
And I instantly
recognized that there's
a feminine form on the throne.
Although, I can't see her,
but she's talking to me.
And she says, William,
your work in ancient Egypt
with the star boats, the
Ark of the Millions of Years
is beautiful.
And I said, well, thank you.
And she's like-- I'm like,
I'm talking to a mermaid.
And here she's saying, my
work in Egypt is beautiful.
I'm like, thank you.
She's like, no, it's
really beautiful.
And I'm feeling it inside.
And then she says,
you know that picture
you've been trying to get in
the Egyptian Museum in Cairo
for these past 10 years?
And I'm like, yeah, I
do know that picture,
but how do you know about that?
And she goes, that's you.
I said, yeah, I
identify with this.
And here's the sarcophagus.
It was in the museum in Cairo.
It's now in the Grand Egyptian
Museum, which hopefully they're
going to open sometime
in my lifetime.
And what the
sarcophagus portrays
is a depiction of the
Egyptian goddess Nut.
Her body is filled with stars.
She symbolizes the Milky Way
because the ancient Egyptians
believed our whole life was
about our transfiguration
into star beings
or star walkers,
so that then we can travel the
waterways of the Milky Way.
And all of ancient
Egypt was a mirror image
of the celestial realms.
The temples are arranged
so that they're essentially
conduits or stargates
to these higher realms.
So for years, I had been trying
to get a photo of this guy
up here on this boat.
So there he is up there.
That's our star walker.
And she says, that's you.
And I said, yeah, I
identify with that.
I've spent my whole life
studying these star walkers.
She said, no, that's you.
And it just seared
right into my soul
that, yeah, I am a star
walker and so are you.
None of us came from here.
Where did you come from?
And what are you doing here?
And when it's time for you
to go, where are you going?
And how are you
going to get there?
I'd like to say that we
all have vacation plans.
We have holiday plans.
We have plans to come
to this conference.
We have retirement plans.
But what is your ascension plan?
What is your soul's plan for
fulfilling your destiny, while
in the body here?
And what are you going
to do with this body?
Are you going to
take it with you?
That's a possibility
that while living,
we can transfigure our
bodies into a higher form
and go somewhere else.
Or maybe there's a different
way that we're going to travel.
And these are the questions that
have preoccupied my research,
as I say, for decades now.
And this visionary
experience just
suddenly clicked it into place.
And she gave me
this instruction.
I feel like it might
have been Isis or Hathor.
I can't say for sure.
But I'm in the Temple
of Hathor, clearly.
And she's the goddess of love
and joy/ and I'm presuming
I'm getting some kind of a
download from her, if you will.
And she's like, no,
this is your logo.
And you need to put
it on everything.
And just as the original
Starbucks logo was a mermaid,
she's like, put that across
the street from Starbucks
everywhere around the world.
And I'm like, really?
I'm just a little investigative
mythologist author.
How am I going to do that?
I'll help you.
OK.
So I'm on.
And so I had my logo made.
And now, we're off and running.
So with that in mind, I want to
take you on a bit of a journey
through some of this
ancient Egyptian imagery,
and then into other
traditional concepts about soul
transfiguration.
As I mentioned a moment ago,
to the ancient Egyptians,
the earthly Nile was a mirror
image of the heavenly Nile.
They used expressions
like, as above, so below,
as within, so without,
because they believed
they were intimately connected
with the stars, and, of course,
the star beings.
They are out there, but
they're also in here.
You and I are a
manifestation of stars.
Every atom, every
cell of our body
is regenerated or
reconstituted star matter.
A star exploded to
create all the matter
that you and I
enjoy in this matrix
that we live in presently.
And one day, the
ancient Egyptians said,
we too will become stars once
again and live in the night sky
forever as star beings.
In fact, they
would say that when
you looked out into the
night sky and saw the stars,
those are souls.
Those are souls
that have completed
their earthly
adventure, and, now,
have returned to their
original heavenly domain.
And I know that sounds
absolutely way out there,
really nuts, that you and I
are, actually, star stuff.
We are, as Joni Mitchell
said, we are stardust.
We are golden.
All of that's true.
What has to happen is we have to
expand our view of who we are.
And that is part of the whole
transfiguration process.
Transfiguration means
to metamorphose,
to change our form.
You and I identify with this 3D
physical flesh and blood body.
But deep within it
is another being,
very much like the caterpillar
morphing into the butterfly.
And we identify with our
three-dimensional selves.
And less, we identify
with our true selves,
our magnificent selves, just
like that enormous temple
I had in that
visionary experience
is so much more magnificent
than the earthly version.
It's the same thing with the
earthly version of ourselves.
You and I have a
part of ourselves
that is already completed this
process that is guiding you
at this very moment
that is saying,
hey, guys, William,
everyone here,
you are so much more than you
are allowing yourself to be.
And part of what we have to
do is take the blinkers off,
take the brakes off, allow more
of our true selves to emerge.
So within the ancient
Egyptian tradition,
they are attempting
throughout their lifetime
to connect with the
stars and actually
to learn to travel the stars.
Now, when we speak of
traveling the stars today,
we think of spaceships, we
think of UFOs, something
like you might see out
at Area 51 or something
like maybe is on the drawing
boards of various corporations.
Metallic circular
disks typically
are giant generation starships.
But something that I've learned
is that there's another way
to travel the stars.
In fact, there's
really only two ways
that we can travel the stars.
As Paul said in Corinthians,
flesh and blood cannot inherit
the kingdom of heaven.
NASA knows this.
They've known it since 1962
that our flesh and blood
bodies are too fragile
to go live on the moon
or go travel in the stars
for decades or longer.
It's lonely up there for humans.
There's radiation.
There's all kinds
of-- pooping in a tube
for the rest of your life
is not very appealing,
things like that.
So they said, OK, we got
to do something here.
So in 1962, NASA
coined the word cyborg.
It says, we're going
to migrate into space,
we're going to move to Mars or
some of these other Kepler type
planets, but we're not going to
go as flesh and blood beings.
We're going to go as robots.
Hence, for the past
60 years, 50 years,
we've had this movement
towards transhumanism
and our merger with AI
and digital technology
so that we can go
migrate into space.
That is not very
appealing to me.
In fact, I'm quite resistant
to that whole concept.
I'm more open to the
idea that we can travel
the stars as light beings.
And what I see in
ancient civilization
after ancient civilization is
documentation on temple walls
and in texts that
our body is literally
a vehicle for our soul.
You can think of it as
a stairway to heaven.
If we learn how to operate
this body correctly,
we can transmute it
into a higher form,
dissolving ourselves
into information light
and then reconstituting
ourselves at another planet,
like that.
No spaceship required.
That journey is much
more appealing to me.
And I'm going to talk with
you about that as we continue.
So this is the foundation of
the ancient Egyptian idea.
They weren't talking about
starships and spaceships.
They were talking about
the human body traveling
through portals and stargates.
The oldest religious texts in
the world are the pyramid texts.
They're located at Saqqara.
They are replete
with descriptions
we called utterances,
things like the pharaoh
scaled the ladder to heaven.
The pharaoh became
like lightning.
The pharaoh opened the
portal to the gods.
The pharaoh now lives with
the gods in the dimension
of the blessed.
So they are mapping out this
journey that we're all on.
And that journey is twofold.
It's both into the
Milky Way itself,
into outer space,
traveling to other planets,
especially the Egyptians
were highly focused on Sirius
and Orion as places of
domicile for other souls
and even reconstituted
human beings.
Or it's a journey into the mind.
It's a journey into
other dimensions.
In both instances, they
described the Milky Way
as the goddess Nut,
her body full of stars.
So in this example, you
see the Milky Way arcing
over a desert scene.
And this is something
you might even
be able to see from
here in Nevada.
And here's how the
Egyptians portrayed
Nut, the Milky Way being
upheld by a God named Geb.
They believed that
through their meditations,
through their use of
oils, through their use
of other spiritual
technologies, that they
could transmute their
body into a higher form
and sail upon the
Milky way for eternity.
And that has a lot
of appeal to me.
Nothing wrong with
living on Earth,
but there's so much out there.
You and I, when we look
out into the night sky,
we see just a tiny, tiny, tiny
sliver of our entire Milky Way
galaxy.
And there are billions of
galaxies similar to our own
in the known universe.
And this is what the
Egyptians had tapped into.
It's this knowledge.
This is a capstone for a
pyramid over near Dahshur.
And here, we see
the star walker.
He's got his Resurrection stick.
He's on his Ark of the Millions
of Years or Ship of Eternity.
He's good to go.
He's ready to star walk to Orion
or Sirius or anywhere else.
And in their descriptions,
they say, yeah,
once you get to Orion,
you hang a left,
you cross over the bridge, you
go to the center of the Milky
Way galaxy.
It's so easy.
They've mapped this
all out for us.
And all we have to do is just
open up our hearts and minds
to say, yeah, I'm going
to move in that direction.
And now, don't worry.
Some people think they're going
to come to a William Henry talk,
and I'm going to
try and turn you
into light in an hour
and a half or so.
We're not going to do that.
All I'm trying to do is move
the needle a little bit,
open the mind, open the
heart to these possibilities,
and help you to recognize that
the incredible divinity that's
within you and also the
tremendous abilities that
are encoded within our bodies.
This scene here is
from the temple of--
excuse me, the Tomb of King
Seti in the Valley of the Kings,
where we see Isis
standing to the left.
And to her right is
our star walker again.
He's called Orion.
And he is, once again, walking
on the ship of eternity.
And he's got the
star in his hand,
along with his
resurrection stick.
It was really funny.
On my last tour of Egypt,
which was just a few weeks ago,
my guests started
calling me Captain Orion.
And I'm like, oh no.
I'm not going to
live this one down.
And it's all over Facebook.
Captain Orion, Captain
Orion, because I'm
all about these star boats
and wanting to get that
into our consciousness here.
It's absolutely
vital at this time.
Going forward, this is
a beautiful painting.
My Soul is an Enchanted Boat
is the name of the painting.
And we see a female.
She's got her wings on.
This is a soul who has
completed her earthly cycle
of incarnation.
And now, she's sailing
along the waterways, which
are the celestial waterways.
And she's, obviously,
been inspired
by the ancient Egyptian
imagery of the star boats.
Same thing here in this
painting by John Cole, where
we see a soul incarnating from
a higher realm with its guardian
angel riding upon
this boat with it.
So you see the baby soul
on the boat, the angel.
And at the front
of the boat, you've
got another angel
holding an hourglass that
symbolizes the soul's
incarnation into materiality.
So this is a beautiful rendition
of the ancient Egyptian concept
of two things.
One, that our soul really
is this enchanted boat,
this Ark of the
Millions of Years,
and that we have
higher guidance.
But as Cole presents
here and shows to us,
something happens to
us all metaphysically.
And this is described in
numerous spiritual traditions.
And that is we forget
about our true selves,
we forget about
our angelic self,
we forget about our
true capabilities within
because we've entered into
this world of materiality
in of time in order to have
this earthly experience.
Whatever the reason is that
you chose to incarnate,
whether it's because
you wanted to experience
chocolate or, experience
Vegas, have sex,
these are the typical
kinds of things
that are mentioned
throughout the ancient texts
for the reasons why these
angelic beings, you and I,
would incarnate on Earth.
Work out karma.
We're agents of
love, of our creator.
As many of you stars are
in this room right now,
there are reasons
for incarnating.
But all of us, I think, would
agree that we have, in a way,
forgotten about our true selves.
And that's the
quest that we're on.
That's why we're here.
We're looking for those missing
pieces truly of our soul.
So in Cole's
paintings here, what
happens is he has a
series of these paintings,
the boat lands on the shore.
The soul is now
growing into maturity.
And the angel is sitting
on the shoreline.
This is suggestive
or symbolic of us
departing our original
and true heavenly domain,
but also forgetting about this
angelic self that is within us.
And here is Cole's depiction
of the pure land, the kingdom
of heaven, the higher
dimensional realm,
the dimension of the blessed,
whatever term you feel
most comfortable about using.
It's a beautiful
version of that.
And all of us have gone
through this process
here, where we have to, again,
answer these questions that I
raised just a moment ago.
Who am I?
Where did I come from?
What am I doing here?
How do I live the best
life while I'm here?
And where am I
going when I leave?
And how am I going to get there?
The good news here is
that spiritual traditions
for millennia have
pondered these questions
and have left us
a path to follow.
And this is the
path of ascension.
It's the path of the star
walkers, if you will,
in all traditions.
It's not a religious
concept, although the concept
of star walking in ascension
is in all the world's
religious traditions,
it's often hidden.
It's not taught to the masses.
It's esoteric.
And finding those
pieces, ultimately,
reveals not a new religion
or a better religion,
but a true cosmic
teaching that is
that winds its way
through all the world's
spiritual traditions.
And more than ever, with
religious and holy wars
sparking on our planet right
now, we need a higher vision.
We need to show those that
are stuck in the material
realm and the material
concepts that there's a better
answer by expanding our view
of who we are as human beings
and removing ourselves,
extricating ourselves
from this darkness,
and the lack of light
that we see in some
of these situations.
As I mentioned a moment
ago, in my research,
the ancient Egyptians had a
technology, not a technology
like you'd get at Best Buy,
but a spiritual technology,
an organic technology
that they would use
to transmute the physical body.
They speak of
opening a rusty valve
in our neurosecretory system,
our pineal and pituitary gland,
which is profusely illustrated
on the temple walls,
and how they would use tones,
lights, and plants to awaken
our neurosecretory
system, to awaken
what is referred to as
the light body within us
and literally create
what you can imagine
is a duplicate of
yourself into which
your consciousness at the
time of your transition
can be copied and pasted
into this duplicate version
of yourself.
And it is that
version of yourself,
a non-molecular
a non-material
version of yourself
that will ride upon
these Ships of Eternity
and then be able to reconstitute
yourself into a physical flesh
and blood body, if you so
desire, in another world,
on another planet, perhaps,
even in another dimension.
That is the great hope
that ancient Egypt
holds for us in the temple walls
and in all of their traditions.
And it's something that I
believe we must recover today.
The reason why is since
while the early 2000s,
technology people and Silicon
Valley and Beijing and places
like that have said,
yeah, we also believe
in the transmutation of the
physical flesh and blood body,
but we're going to
turn you into a robot.
And then we're going to copy and
paste the contents of your brain
into that robot, and that
will be your ascension.
I'm like, hey, wait a minute.
You guys got that
a little wrong.
Wrong might not
be the right word.
You're a little off.
That is almost a
mocking or a mimicking
of all of these ancient
spiritual traditions.
Yet, this is what we're doing.
And I've been
studying this, talking
about it since, again, 2002.
And back then, they were
warning that by 2035, we
would turn our
children into machines
to make trillions of dollars.
This is the motivation.
It's a military mission
because most of this tech, AI,
and the things that
are running our world
now come out of
military applications
for military purposes,
strategic purposes.
It's highly
entertaining to have one
of these things in
your hand, but you
don't think of it as a weapon.
But that's what it is.
It's a weapon.
And they've convinced us that
we need this technology to usher
in a new golden age for all
humankind by the year 2035.
And I'm like saying,
well, wait a minute.
You all are talking about
merging the human body
with bits, with atoms,
with neurons, and genes.
These are simply
retooled versions
of what the ancients called
earth, air, fire, and water.
Hey, where's the spirit?
Where's the soul in all of this?
And we're challenged today
because many of your technology
people don't believe in the old
superstitious folklore concept
that you're a soul
created by God.
That's all comic
book stuff to them.
God is a programmer.
You live in a simulated reality.
You live in a movie.
You're just simply matter.
And darling, you really don't.
And what they want
to do is convince you
that your ascension, which
you really want to do,
is convert yourself
into a cartoon that
lives in a black box in
Mark Zuckerberg's backyard.
And that's your new reality.
That's your ascension.
And Elon Musk's promises you
that this new simulated reality,
they're creating is going to be
so much better than this one.
You'll never want
to come back here.
And this is their solution
to climate change.
So this is what's happening.
And I look at this, and
I read their papers,
and listen to what
they're saying.
I'm like, y'all are like
completely mocking and mimicking
these ancient spiritual
traditions that tell us that we
can do this organically.
We can transfigure.
And yeah, that is our purpose.
But you don't need to
pack me full of a new skin
and nanotechnology in my
brain and replacement organs
and all this crap that
they're trying to put on us.
And I'm 61 years old.
They're not that
interested in me.
They want our children
and grandchildren.
That's who they're going
after with this technology
and promising you'll be able
to live for hundreds of years,
just give us your soul.
And your soul is just
all the information
that you put up on
Facebook, and on Instagram,
and all these social
media networks.
And most of us are
clueless that there's
a grand plan behind this.
And it's militaristic
at its heart.
And I'm thinking, we
really got to wake up here.
We really got to wake up to
our true potential, spiritual
potential within
us while we still
have an opportunity to do this.
And I'm not trying to
come off as all fear-based
or anything like
that, but I know
you're hearing those footsteps.
You're seeing your
children and grandchildren
coming home from
school saying, yeah,
my teacher wants me to turn
myself into a cartoon avatar.
And I can be anything
in this new world.
And you're going, well,
what are you talking about?
Well, this is what
they're talking about.
It's a complete transfiguration
of the human race
into technological beings.
And they present us
with ideas like this
that by 2020, we'd
be able to create
a robotic copy of ourselves.
By 2025, an avatar into which
a human brain is transplanted
at the end of one's life.
2035, an avatar with
an artificial brain
in which your personality
is transferred.
And then, finally, the
ultimate goal is by 2040,
you'll just drop your
physical body completely.
And you'll go live as a
cartoon avatar online.
That's ascension.
And this is what is being
promoted globally right now.
World economic forum,
technology people, this
is their aim right here.
And I'm saying, nice, clever
use of the word avatar.
But an avatar is a divine being.
It's a descent of
a divine being.
And by utilizing these
terms and these concepts,
this is a real mocking of
the true spiritual potential
within us.
Perhaps, I'm wrong, though.
Perhaps, there is
a middle ground
where we can blur ourselves
with this technology
as they describe, but still
remain a sense of our humanity.
I'm somewhat open
minded to that concept,
but I'm pretty dug
in to think we really
got to be hustling right
now and making sure
that everybody's on
board with the choice
that we have before
us at this moment.
Turn yourself into a
machine, good little machine,
or turn yourself into
a Christ-like being.
The resurrection
body, the light body,
the glory body that Christ
attained in his resurrection
is the same as the
body of the star
walker of the ancient Egyptians.
It's not a Christian teaching.
It's not Egyptian.
It is a cosmic teaching that
is now coming down to Earth
at this very precarious moment.
And the reason why is because
the human race truly does
hang in the balance.
And this decision will be
made in the next five years.
You and I are the ones that
we'll make it for everyone.
If you can refer to my book,
"The Skingularity Is Near,"
I published this online
as a free e-book in 2014.
I will be updating it as I'm
about to have the 10th year
anniversary of talking about
some of these concepts about
the next human and
this technology.
It's rapidly evolving, but so
is our spiritual capability.
And let's get back
to that for now.
In ancient Egypt, they described
this organic transfiguration
and how they had plants, they
had tones, they had lights,
and they, ultimately,
were aiming
at a super biological
process that would take place
to mature a higher body,
that can transcend a death
and is capable of furnishing
a sensorium to perceive
and function in a world
freer than the transient
three-dimensional one in which
we are currently confined.
This is the hope,
dream, desire of all
the world's spiritual traditions
is that we will be able to--
after our soul has completed
its mission in this realm,
to transcend it.
And the idea is, is that
by locking on to this idea
of transfiguring, metamorphosis,
changing our form,
or transcendence, it will
bring ideas, inspirations,
and, indeed, capabilities
into our 3D existence.
This is the reason why we want
to study these traditions.
And while you might be sitting
there thinking, well, again,
I'm like the caterpillar looking
up at the butterfly saying,
you'll never get me up
in one of those things.
That's our fundamental,
cultural dilemma.
And here we are on this
Saturday morning facing that.
Saying, I just had my coffee.
And now, he's telling me I got
to turn into a being of light
or something.
That's a bit of a stretch
for me this morning.
I understand that.
But, again, by moving
into this direction
and identifying with
this aspect of yourself,
new ways, new ideas,
new inspirations,
you can't even conceive, when
you have the blinkers on it--
I'm not accusing you
of having blinkers on.
You all are very
much awake people.
But by even expanding
your vision even more,
this is where we're
going to get the,
what I refer to as the
angelic intelligence that
is going to be the counter
to artificial intelligence.
It's the counter,
if not the antidote.
We all have to be thinking
as these transfigured beings.
We have to put on our angelic
thinking caps at this moment
and allow new ideas
and inspirations
to enter into our consciousness
that will, ultimately,
benefit the entire human race.